# Flask Student Application
A Student web application using Flask.

## Requirements
1. Using a standard flask template, you have to create an application that displays an index page as the first webpage. The index page should have an HTML form with two radio buttons: one with the label "Student ID" and the other with the label "Course ID". It must also have an input text field to enter the ID and a button with the label "Submit".
2. Suppose the radio button for student ID is selected and the user enters a student ID in the input text field. Then, on clicking the "Submit" button, the application should send a POST request to the application's URI = "/" and must extract marks of the specific student, for each course, from the input CSV file. It must display a table titled "Student Details", having columns with headers: "Student ID", "Course ID" and "Marks". The table should also display the total marks of that student in the last row. It must also display a link to navigate back to the HTML form.
3. Suppose the radio button for course ID is selected and the user enters a course ID in the input text field. Then, on clicking the "Submit" button, the application should send a POST request to the application's URI = "/" and must find the highest and the average marks for that course and display it in a table. The title of the table must be "Course Details" and the column headers must be "Average Marks" and "Maximum Marks". The page must also display the histogram of marks for the given course ID as shown. It must also display a link to navigate back to the HTML form.
4. The application should display an error message if there is a deviation from the expected input. For instance, suppose the radio button for student ID is selected, and the user enters a course ID or any other invalid text in the input text field or leaves it empty, then a message must be displayed. It must also display a link to navigate back to the HTML form.
